Tutorial 2.0 (#180)
opengisch/QField-docs: documentation/get-started/tutorials/get-started-qfc.en.md

## Get a QFieldCloud account
Go to the [registration page](https://app.qfield.cloud/accounts/signup/), enter your details and create a new QFieldCloud account.

> Go to the [registration page](https://app.qfield.cloud/accounts/signup/). Fill in the registration form and choose a password. 

Reviewer: Note there is a duplication.

Enter your credentials previously created during account registration.

!!! Note

>     If you use a password in QGIS for the first time, it will ask you to set a master password that manages all the other passwords used in QGIS. More information about the master password here: [QGIS documentation](https://docs.qgis.org/3.4/en/docs/user_manual/auth_system/auth_overview.html#master-password)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you use a password in QGIS for the first time, it will ask you to set a master password that manages all the other passwords used in QGIS. More information about the master password here: [QGIS documentation](https://docs.qgis.org/latest/en/docs/user_manual/auth_system/auth_overview.html#master-password)
```
